Deprecate LightningDistributed and keep logic in ddp/ddpSpawn directly (#9691)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecated passing `progress_bar_refresh_rate` to the `Trainer` constructor in favor of adding the `ProgressBar` callback with `refresh_rate` directly to the list of callbacks ([#9616](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9616))

> - Deprecate `LightningDistributed` and move the broadcast logic to ddp/ddpSpawn directly ([#9691](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9691))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate `LightningDistributed` and move the broadcast logic to `DDPPlugin` and `DDPSpawnPlugin` directly ([#9691](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9691))

```

> - Deprecate `LightningDistributed` and move the broadcast logic to `DDPPlugin` and `DDPSpawnPlugin` directly ([#9691](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9691))

Reviewer: also add a changelog entry that broadcast in DDP/DDP spawn plugins now respect the `src` input

- Fixed wrapping issue: avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel modules when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#9096](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9096))

> - Fixed `broadcast` in `DDPPlugin` and ``DDPSpawnPlugin` to respects the src input  ([#9691](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9691))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `broadcast` in `DDPPlugin` and ``DDPSpawnPlugin` to respect the `src` input  ([#9691](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9691))
```
